feat(app-platform): adds docs for authorized origins and permission restrctions (#1283)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/workflow/integrations/integration-platform/index.md

[{% asset integration-platform-index/permissions.png alt="Form that allows developer to set what permissions they'll need from their user." %}]({% asset integration-platform-index/permissions.png @path %})

> You cannot create an integration or change an existing integration to have permissions greater than your own user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot create an integration or change an existing integration to have permissions greater than your own user settings.
```

## Webhooks
Webhooks allows your service to receive requests about specific resources, depending on your selection. For more information, see the [full documentation on Webhooks]({%- link _documentation/workflow/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks.md -%}).

## Authorized Origins

> It is possible to use Auth Tokens from the browser if you whitelist the origins of the pages making the requests. In the field that is called `Authorized JavaScript Origins`, add each origin you want separated by a new line (for example, docs.sentry.io). You do not need the protocol in the origin (http or https). At this moment, you cannot use any wildcard characters (for example, *.sentry.io) so if you have multiple subdomains you will you need to add them individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use Auth Tokens from the browser if you whitelist the origins of the pages making the requests. In the field that is called `Authorized JavaScript Origins`, add each origin you want to be separated by a newline (for example, docs.sentry.io). You do not need the protocol in the origin (http or https). At this moment, you cannot use any wildcard characters (for example, *.sentry.io), so if you have multiple subdomains, you will need to add them individually.
```
